---
layout: base
date:   2025-03-16 18:23:10 -0500
category: [substack millionaire]
title: ""
---

# III.II.I: How to be hip and sexy even if you're dead, making peace with strangers, and what to give to the poor
`read here on maybelenard.substack.com | May 29, 2025`
May 29, 2025

Happy III.II.I whatever day of the week it is today!

Here are 3 ideas, 1 question, and 2 quotes from strangers to consider this week...


# 3 Ideas From Me
I.

“I think they should figure out a way for poeple drinking on planes to get together. I want to at least like, give my guy with 2 rum and cokes a cheers.”

(Share this on Twitter)

<br>

---

<br>
​II.

“"

(Share this on Twitter)


<br>

---

<br>

III.

“"


# 2 Random A$$ Quotes to Change Your Life
I. 



​II.



# 1 Answer For You
My first memory was looking through a kaleidoscope... or being embarrassed getting out of the tub naked wishing that the babysitter wouldn't dry me off with a towel and wishing that I could do it myself. 

Want to share this issue of III-II-I? Go here: 

Until next week,


# 10 or less things to make your life more funny
1. Stand at a urinal and wait until someone enters the room to start peeing
2. 
3. 


# Kindness from strangers
1. There was this guy who - at a show - asked us if we wanted to move to the front row. He was so delicate in asking: So we were wondering... 
2. The person who delivered our bonbons (nothing more "my life rules" then ordering and receiving a plate of bonbons). This person gave us a plate of bonbons, and a knife to cut them in two, and a napkin, which he placed on the table after the fact saying: "Just in case"
3. 

# Life Changing Advice
1. I want to be happy
2. I want to be lucky
3. I don't want to be like Justin, because he was so angry. 

Substack Millionaire​​
​Author of Substack Millionaire
Cofounder of Substack Billionaire