# 
Alright wise cracker. Is this my journal on marriage? It is. Will this be fun to look back on? Potentionally. We're typing away on our computers on the couch that we bought together. The couch is one of the items that we purchased together. There is also: a table, a lamp, a side table, a smallish bookshelf, and technically, I gave away my blender because we had the same one and there was no reason to have two of the same types of blender, so I think in some ways that counts too. 

So, what I'm looking for is 1) a timeline, 2) a criteria and 3) items to fulfill the criteria. 

Timeline wise, it's like, yeah, I want to have kids so that my parents can meet them. I want my kids to know my parents. That's actually so important to me. And I want my kids to know my parents as well. I want kids right? Yeah, I think so. "It should be one of those things that you should know for sure before you go in on." Yeaaah but it's for sure going to be one of those, like, life-transforming experiences. And I'm curious about it. I want to know what it's like having a family. 

Okay, timeline item 2 isssss what. Is this: Sarah's is 28? So a kid every 1.5-2 years would be what.... kid 1 at 30, kid 2 at 31.5, kid three at 

4 kids takes... 6 years... so you've got to start at like... 30

Yeah that's pretty intense... Also, guess what? 

Okay here we go... we both said I love you at the same time after playing frisbee together. It was really cute. Yesterday we sort of got in a fight, but then she was joking about it in the hallway, and that helped us both get out of it. 

Once, when we were high we were jumping around to a song, and we thought it was so funny that we recoreded it. So that's sort of undeniable proof right there. So waht are you waiting for dawg!

Are we best friends? Are we life partners? Do we help each other? Do we help each other grow? I think one of the problems is that I literally don't know what criteria to use to evaluate our relationship. The other issue is that the more I evaluate, the more I find wrong. Sometimes. it's not like, soely wrong things. But it is easier to be critical and to find things that are wrong when you're sort of in this critical lens kind of mood. Sarah and I said the things that were the hardest about being in a relationship with each other. For me, it was that I am all low-energy and moody after work. For her, it's that she can be pretty distracted or focused on other things when I want to be hanging out. I don't know where to go from here. Truly. I don't. Okay... I'm - shit. Dina asked me how my lenten journey was going so far. It's going okay, but it's not like out of this world right? I am still making excuses. I'm still allowing myself - that's the thing, right? I want to life a joyful, fuliflling, happy life. And if I'm not joyful or fulfilled or happy... that's my choice isn't it? ANd it's an excuse to blame it on somebody or something else. It's in my control. 

Is it in my control to be happy and fulfilled? Is it in my control to feel motivated? To feel  - also, dude. Yesterday at small cheval, when sarah was walking back with the food, I was thinking of how lucky i was. To be in america, to be born in a family that has money, to be partners - to have found someone to play with and get lunch afterwards with. I almost cried, it was crazy. SO how can I feel taht, and not *feel* ready to be married? 

I wonder if I could find anything that designates why I am so tenative here. First of all... am i being tenative? There was a youtube video that I saw (an instagram reel) of someone explaining that you will have three loves in your life: 2 flames and a mirror. The first flame is a candle. Steady, slow burning - it has the consistency and longevity but lacks some of the spark. Then there's the firecracker or whatever and that's all spark, but doesn't have the longevity to back it up. Then there's the mirror. And the mirror will tell you things about yourself that you don't like, and it will challenge you, but it will also provide you with a lot of opportunity for self-improvement and growth. 

The person you're trying to build a life with has a house with holes in it. And you do too. When we get into a relationship, we subconsciously are asking the person to leave their broken home behind, and come live in our own home. And they want that as well. But what we should do, is take the best bricks we both have, and come and build a home together. 

Okay so yeah - I think we're doing that. Literally? I htink that's what's actively happening with Sarah and me. And I love our names next to each other. Sarah and Luke. It does break my heart in some ways that Sarah Drumm's name is Sarah. Because... look, say I was supposed to marry a Sarah. How do I know I married the right one? Lol. What an insane proposition. Also? Look at the data. You've made it so much longer with Sarah Lipscomb. And you know why? Because she's not afraid of you. She's not afraid to tell you when you're wrong. Was SD afraid of you? I don't think so, but maybe she was afraid of being left behind by me? Afraid of not being chosen by me. And something about that just didn't sit right? Ugh, there's something so, i dunno. So frustrating there. Okay I mean yeah, that's the thing, right? I'm making all these choices when I'm in my twenties, bro. I'm full of mistakes here. You know what I mean? I don't have, much of anything to go off of here. I'm making it up as I go. I just got out of college which was you know like a breeding ground of bad choices. The worst of which was not getting enough sleeeeep. 