---
layout: page
date:   2025-05-21 09:23:10 -0500
categories: [on writing]
---

Below is a list of things that were helpful to me at some point in time. It's a list! Some are good and helpful. Others are more, "why'd you put this on here??"

If I remember where i got them from, I'll put it!

# Helpful 
1. Control what you can control - V. Frankl
2. happiness is not the abscense of problems its the inability to deal w/ them
3. feeling sad after making a decision doesn’t mean it was a the wrong  decision
4. ur not stressed because your’e doing too much, youre stressed bc youre doing too little of what makes you most alive
5. the lesson you strugele with will repeat itself until you learn from it
6. never regret a day in your life. good days give happiness. bad give experience. the worst days give lessons. the best days give memories. be so confident in god’s plan that you don’t get upset wihen theings go wrong, it’s just life testing you
7. Contemplation is love’s mind
8. Let heartbreak be your guide. - Adam Bucko, but also probably, Jesus
9. Categories to check in on: Spirit, family/friends, romance, adventure, body/health, work/mission
Spend 4-6 hours uninterrupted working on the thing that will matter most in the business. What thing if it were true. Would make all of my other problems disappear. And then focus on making that one thing true. - Alex Hormozi
10. People wanna get mad
11. You have to make your life meaningful
12. What kept you from praying yesterday? Eliminate that. THat's for me... because I"m trying to pray every day. But you can fill in that blank with anything: What kepy me from <doing this thing that i'm really trying to do every day>? Eliminate that. 
