---
layout: page
date:   2025-07-26 10:55:10 -0500
categories: [projects]
title: "July Week 4"
---
# July Week 4
✅ review last week  
✅ monday hit list!  
✅ 10 post for lenard  
✅ finalize 1 essay + send it  
✅ finalize 1 funny piece + send it to McSweeney's (rejected ugh)
✅ made a flow chart / diagram of types of posts to do for each stream
✅ made a flow chart of types of posts to do for each stream
✅ made a list of ppl and posts that inspire you

**My hope** for this week is that I hit send on two things I've been working on for a while. It's a short todo list, and I'm going to try to write for 10 hours, so these things hopefully? Get done early in the week. We'll see!

### Review
Good week. Told myself that I was going to hit submit on two pieces I'd been working on for a while, and I did! So that felt good. The rest of the week I did, like, meta work, which never feels great to be honest. It also feels like I have... so much of it todo. Meta work... "Design / think through *the way* that you're going to post... Uhhhh buddy! Just do it! At the same time, I sort of like the work, and I *do* think it will be helpful to have a strategy to start. 

Sometimes I wonder if it would be better if I just... did it? If I made posting a super manual process for now. But then I don't think I would keep up with the metric of posting once a day, and I really want to do that for a bit. The tough thing? Is that I want to post once a day for... 90 days. That means you need 90 days of funny material. I'm thinking too, like, what if I made a python program to post for me. I could replace buffer with my own custom program. That would be pretty cool actually. 

The thing that I'm struggling with, then, is making sure that I'm doing the right thing. So how do you define the "right" thing. It depends on your goals. If your goal is to start a gym as a business, then it makes sense to say: I either want to get more customers, provide more value, or decrease risk (pulled from [this post](https://www.instagram.com/p/DCpRJJ1Sqo0/) from Hormozi - he makes it so clear and helpful!)

But! I'm in a different business! Or I want to be. I should probably be listening to [this kind of thing](https://www.instagram.com/p/DKHp5BiR_Ru/?img_index=1) or [this](https://www.instagram.com/p/C4TkSTnP2GF/). 

So then what are my metrics, eh? EH?! 

I think they've got to be around output. Next week - focus on your output!
