---
layout: page
date:   2025-07-01 18:23:10 -0500
categories: [projects]
title: "July 2025"
---

⬜ 2 ND essays  
⬜ 2 humor pieces  
⬜ 90 posts for funny IG  
⬜ 12 posts for sentimental IG  
⬜ campaign the pizza stunt! (IG, one page project, substack)  

# July Review  
Highest impact todos from week to week:    
Week 1 - re-plan for third quarter (july starts the 3rd quarter)  
Week 2 - rules for me writing right now (for me to visit + add to)    
Week 3 - broke [this](https://www.instagram.com/p/DLz0hiFtRQZ/?igsh=MWN4Y2w4ejhhbWYwZw==) down into a post  + started to think about my own strategy  
[Week 4](https://lilya2148.github.io/projects/2025/07/26/july-week-4.html) - sbumitted a piece to McSweeney's and ND!! + made a flow chart of posts to post  
[Week 5](https://lilya2148.github.io/projects/2025/07/26/july-week-5.html) - chose 5 min posts and long form posts for each stream and made 10x the short ones for each stream - nice!  

Overall, not a bad month. Total work was around 32 hours, and we did some good soul searching on making sustainable content, which is good. I also found some helpful advice from other artists (lol *other*???) so that was just nice to see shit that I could get inspired by. I think overall, I wanted this month to be higher output and less, like, planning? Which was true in June too. Still, we pushed through 2 long form pieces, and 10 short form for each stream. So overall, not bad. Hoping to define what counts as writing and what does not count as writing in the future. For example, I think it'd make sense for *Admin* stuff to only count as writing IIF you get your output items done for the week. So you've got to get those done first. 