---
layout: page
date:   2025-03-16 18:23:10 -0500
categories: [projects]
title: "2025 Summer Todos"
---
Mannn with a title like that, I feel like this list should be "Nothing." So I'm doing good even having a list here. 

# June Week 4 
✅ stylize each card (keeping track of color numbers)
  ✅ #85dbd9 (teal)
  ✅ #ebd469 (yellow)
  ✅ #a5e8d3 (green)
  ✅ #d0c3f1 (purplish / lavender)
  ✅ #add8e6 (blue) 
  ✅ #fcc0c5  (lightish pink)
✅ add borders 
✅ Affirmators full edit
✅ Eliminate Affirmators that just ain’t good…	
✅ good things to come
✅ worthiness
✅ nature
✅ Stripe on one page project (2-3 days)
✅ Affirmators final edit / final touches round 1
✅ Affirmators final edit / final touches round 2
✅ Get a scheduler for IG posts + initial posts (< 1 wk == <=6 posts)
✅ https://publish.buffer.com/all-channels
✅ write / schedule 3 substacks
✅ make a page for everything I ever loved
✅ move everything I ever loved to the one page project
✅ total blog: 25

# July Week 1
?
# July Week 2
?
# July Week 3
Just ended... we're gonna have a little over 5 weeks here. Should be DOPE.

Anyway, here's my todo list for the week
✅ review last week 
✅ Monday hit list
✅ Schedule 10 lenards (5-10 min)
✅ Clean this sheet and make it less chaotic (5 min)
✅ look on gumroad for 30 min and find 10 things you could emulate
✅ break this down into a post on bloggo…https://www.instagram.com/p/DLz0hiFtRQZ/?igsh=MWN4Y2w4ejhhbWYwZw==
✅ MAKE - rules for me writing right now (for me to visit + add to)
⬜ finalize 1 essay + send it
⬜ finalize 1 funny piece + send it

Preeety good. We didn't write for a ton this week... Total hours? 5h 20min. To take me to 15h 30 for the month. It's the 19th, and we've got 9 weekdays left. So I need to write on average, like... 1 hour and 40 minutes on those days. We can do that! I still feel like I'm putting off the most important work, so I want to just kill and essay and a humor piece next week so that I'm sure I'm hitting my goals. This week, I made two blog posts (one on writing rules for me, and one on social media... and I also started the one that was like the quarterly review and all that). So yeah - i mean... we're posting on this blog a lot, which I guess is cool!

# July Week 4
✅ review last week
✅ monday hit list!
✅ 10 post for lenard
✅ finalize 1 essay + send it
✅ finalize 1 funny piece + send it

My hope for this week is that I hit send on two things I've been working on for a while. It's a short todo list, and I'm going to try to write for 10 hours, so these things hopefully? Get done early in the week. We'll see! 


# July Week 5
:heavy_check_mark: review last week
⬜ monday hit list!
⬜ 10 post for lenard

# August Week 1
# August Week 2
# August Week 3
# August Week 4
# August Week 5

# September Week 1 
# September Week 2
# September Week 3


