---
layout: base
title:  
date:   2025-03-16 18:23:10 -0500
categories: [all posts]
---
I spent the last couple of days with friends who are in their late twenties (that's me as well!) It occurred to me that each of us had at least one piece of their life figured out. One friend was in a good job, with an option to buy stock. Another has a fiance and lives on a farm, working with animals every day. It is hard for me not to compare myself in these moments. 

There are certain parts of my life that are tied down, but not well. I have a long-term girlfriend, but I'm still afraid to ask her to marry me. I have a job, and I have this as a side hustle (if you can call it that!), but neither seem like they are going much of anywhere.

That's the scary thing, to me, I think: to make sure that you're going somewhere. If you're going somewhere - if you've got a destination to shoot for, it feels less free-fall, daydream-til-the-day-you-die kind of freaky. For large sections of my life, I feel like I'm just trying to get into a moment strong enough to pull away from all the little uncomfortable thoughts and moments that come with existing. The feeling that you're here and not somewhere else. Of knowing that you should be happy with here, with her, with them, doing this or that-- because eventually you won't be anywhere, with anyone.

And then there's the soul-crushing guilt of not being with your mom. If you're hanging out with your mom you can be guilt free. That's time well spent. Even better if you're shredding up some pow with your mom. Shredding up pow with your whole family, your 2-3 best friends, and the lady that you spend the night with is pretty much the golden-knight dream baby. That's the best. Everybody's whooping like: "Oh man! This is the life! Shredding the pow!" You get to the bottom of the lift line and everyone high fives. "Ah yeah! That was awesome!" You give your lady a gottman-approved, six second kiss (for the oxytocin). That's a guilt free zone too, because even though life is fragile and you're going to lose your mom and dad sooner or later, you're spending time with them now, and that's about all you can do. 

Of course, ^^ probably happens 0/0 times in anyone's life, and that's just fine. I feel like life is randomly beautiful and meaningful. It comes and it goes. Just yesterday, in a meeting with my boss, I had to stop to watch a curlyque (I couldn't even tell you what it was; it must've been a piece of fabric? A little bit of fuzz) float down, shining in the office-white florescents, twisting in slow motion for one turn, two turns- and then gone: no longer in the right light to be seen. 

This morning it also struck me that moments like that don't belong to us anymore - and that the tiny shred of reality that we can pull from memories like this are no more ours today than they will be in 50 years time. 