---
layout: post
title:  "on dedicating your life to God?"
date:   2025-03-18 07:42:30 -0500
categories: God
---
It is God who guides me. If I do anything good. It is from the hand of God. 

What a wild idea. *Anything* good? I'm never just out on my own, free-balling, seeing people, doing things, doing *good*. And it's never just, all me? Me being me? It's always (always!?) all about God? 

I mean what's the point. How the hell am I going to get into heaven if I'm not actually doing anything good, I'm just getting overriden by God all the time. God'll be like, what'd you do down there buddy, and I'll say "nothing good!" and then go straight to hell. 

If it IS true -- that everything good that we do comes from God (like it or not! just the way it is!) -- then the goal of life would be what? To find a way to always be connected to the hand of God? Shouldn't we make my every move, a God-move? 

That would require knowing what God wanted of us, which is (probably) a lot to ask. Probably requires a lot of prayer and discernment, and more than that, a lot of being totally zen-present in the moment to figure out what is good, what is true...

> "Whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about such things." 
> 
> Philippians 4:8

Never a spare moment to think about trashy HD-TV and house hunters international? Exhausting. 

But forrealsies, I've always liked this quote[^1]. It's centering in a way. Don't let you brain stick around the parts of your mind that are all depressing, ugly, and cynical and shit. Think of what's good, what's lovely. 

Like, okay! Sure!

If you can't tell, I've been struggling with my faith. I still pray; I still try to see God in my head. Try to hear His voice. I still *want* to believe things like "every good thing I do comes from God." But it's hard, ain't it? It's such a total act of surrender. As if our "selves" aren't even a part of the picture. Which feels so wrong and bad and scary, but also reminds me of mediation in a way? And that one Jimmy Carrey quote where he sort of goes off. He says: 

> "A few months ago after knowing Eckhart Tolle for a while and studying the books I woke up and I suddenly got it. I understood suddenly how thought was just an illusory thing. And how thought is responsible for, if not all, most of the suffering we experience. 
>
> And then, I suddenly felt like I was looking at the thought from another perspective, and I wondered: "Who is it that's aware that I am thinking." And suddenly, I was thrown into this expansive, amazing feeling of freedom. From myself, from my problems. I saw that I was bigger than what I do; I was bigger than my body. I was everything, and everyone. I was no longer a fragment of the universe; I *was* the universe." 

Okay that's the quote, but the [video's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIaY0l5qV0c) better.

Hm. Now I'm having all sorts of doubts, because, wowza, this video does so well if you play the interstellar soundtrack behind it. It sounds so good. It *looks* so good. All the pauses, feel more reflective, more intentional, less unsure, less like they're grabbing at a feeling that they know they can't get to, really. 

Okay for real, watch the [IG version](https://www.instagram.com/beingspiritualistic/reel/DE5F_lfB6wW/) just so you know I'm not crazy. It's so much better, damn!

But the words, or at least, the thought is there. Freedom from youself and your problems. A sense of belonging to the whole. A sense of well-being. 

So where does that leave us, then? The questions I'm trying to ask (I think?) are these: "What does it mean to dedicate my life to God, and how do I do it?"

What does it mean to dedicate my life to God? Such a scary question. And freaking-- like, I can already hear the person in the back saying: "Maybe the question you *should* be asking is, what does it mean to *not* dedicate yourself to God, eh?" 

I don't know if you can hear it, but the "eh" is so crucial. So implicative. 

You hear that "eh?" and you hear: "Do you *want* to go to hell? Be a sinner, lose your life, be a loser? Be evil, corrupt, a bady, a meaningless-spec that will disintegrate with all things living?" 

For now, I think I can live with the following - and sorry, Lord, if this is offensive to you. Lol. I came all the way out here, just to journal to God. Super helpful. Super nice. The *literal* only person who's going to read this is Jesus, and I'm already being so inflamatory. Shit. 

Here's the deal, though. I can dedicate myself to Love. That's way easier for me to stomach. Love is so big, and blind, and generous. It's just like... I love you![^2]

And it feels less like an offering that way, to give yourself up to love like that. To try to make every moment a love-moment. To give every choice up to "what would love do?" That feels way easier than what would God do here? 

[^1]: Can we call Bible quotes, quotes? Somebody said it right? 
[^2]: ... Right?