---
layout: base
date:   2025-03-16 18:23:10 -0500
category: [On Depression]
title: "Read me first"
---

## I'm not a pro so don't judge me 
I made this blog to write about things that I'm interested in - depression is one of those! But before going anywhere, you should know, I'm not a pro. 

If you are struggling with depression, you could see a pro! 

This is my own log of thoughts around depression: ideas that have helped me, things that sound good but don't work, things that sound bad but work, etc... so I hope it will be helpful for anyone who is depressed or is in a depressive state, buuut I'm not a professional, a therapist, a psychologist or anything really. 

## Is this depression? 
I've struggled with something, I don't know if you would call it depression. I don't know if I would call it depression or if the DSM-5 would call it depression. But, somedays for sure, I have thoughts like: 
- this is meaningless
- I don't want to live the day I lived today, again, tomorrow
- I am trapped in here! I can't get out of my own head

These thoughts are super sticky. I can't get myself out of thinking them. Any attempt at reasoning them away or trying to see the "bright side" of things (i.e. being a good human being who is [grateful for their life](https://www.instagram.com/reel/DGyxwA_un48/?hl=en)) sounds to me, in my own head, like I'm not really in touch with reality. 

Further, any incoming thought is sort of distorted or mangled into its most disgusting and depressing version of itself. When I'm thinking in this way, I'm quicker to believe that someone is being selfish, that they aren't really listening. 

The depressed side of me feels like the realist, the one who's actually got a good sense of the world. The positive thinking side feels out of touch. It also feels like that side of me is too afraid to acknowledge the bigger feelings that *are* real. 

They don't stick around for days and days and days, which, I think the real ones out there would say: "Then you're not depressed homie" which I agree with. I think the never-endingness of these sort of thoughts is the main thing that distinguishes what people call "depression" from "feelings of depression" (the whole meal vs the costco sampler)

But they do show up usually about once a day, at least for a bit, to drop and say hello. And some days, that's the only thing that's there. 

For me, I usually get these sort of states in the afternoon, when it's clearly linked to being tired or hungry or not having moved very much after a day of work. But they've come up in the morning as well, which feels a tad unfair. 

Usually, I just live like that until it goes away on it's own accord. It doesn't stick with me for days and days and days, but it usually shows up once a day, at least for a sec, to drop in. To say hello. And some days, it's the only thing that's there. So yeah. It could be way worse. 

But! It's still not fun! And I wanted to write about it to: 
a) catalogue ideas that have helped me and keep some sense of what I've tried and what I haven't tried, what works, what doesn't work, etc etc. and  
b) try to figure it out! 

I feel like there's a lot of sort of advice otu there on what to do when you're feeling... depressed. And some of it straight up WORKS and some of it does not work at all... How can that be?? Why isn't there a once and for all formula? Not sure, but that's for me, what makes it so interesting.
